Elaborate on dataflow outputs for region constraints (#1969)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/compiler-debugging.md

$ firefox maybe_init_suffix.pdf # Or your favorite pdf viewer
```

Graphviz also comes with a preprocessor program,
[`unflatten`](https://graphviz.org/docs/cli/unflatten/), that
sometimes helps making the outputs look less oddly spread out. It reads
a dot file and outputs another dot file, so you can use it in a pipe,
e.g:
```
$ unflatten mir_dump/*.foo.-------.nll.0.regioncx.all.dot | dot -Tpdf  -o foo-outlives.pdf
```

> This is particularly useful for complicated region outlives graphs from
> [MIR Dataflow](mir/dataflow.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful for complicated region outlives graphs from
[the borrow checker](borrow_check/debugging.md).
```
